H Mahmud has more from
Rafa within the past hour the scene of
of of of transferred the bodies into Nar
Hospital into the final into burial was
very heartbreaking the majority on in
the car and the ambulance uh were
children wrapped in these white sheets
soaked in blood we spoke with a doctor
who described the children who came into
the hospital with devastating wounds and
soaked in Blood and and burns that uh if
they if they made and stayed alive it
wouldn't take them long to lose their
life because there's no way these
injuries could be treated right away at
the current situation well one thing
should be clear about the the growing
threats of expanding the ground Invasion
to Rafa City so far the vast majority of
people across ra City including local
residents they believe this this is used
as a distraction by the Israeli military
and the Israeli Prime Minister because
keeping the busy the world busy with the
talks about expanding the operation into
the ground operation they are just a few
steps away from Victory and have the
world busy with that but while at the
same time the world is busy with that he
is relentlessly attacking across rafah
City if you just a brief walk into rafah
roads and his street the number of homes
that have been destroyed within the past
6 months equivalent to uh the scenes of
Destruction we' seen in in the central
area and the northern part and Gaza City
that's why a lot of people see that this
is one way to distract the world from
the ongoing atrocities that are taking
place on daily basis in raah City
however the concern is still here the
shatter sense of of of Safety and
Security is deepening across raah City
because we know raah has been the last
Refuge of safety for people which by the
way hasn't been really safe at all
within the past six months but there is
no place to go to uh there there's no
way to go back to the northern part of
Gaz to their homes pretty much there
isn't much left of units of the part of
the Central Area Gaza and the northern
part it's just making uh the the uh
great deal of it's costing fear and
panic because simply there is a lot of
uncertainities involved in this